Housing & Climate Progressive Democratic Slate Candidate List & Bios
For sharing with elected officials and potential endorsers


Lauren Wilson 
Lauren Wilson has been involved professionally in policy and political work at the federal, state, and local level for the majority of her career, including representing the California State Assembly in Washington, DC for a decade. Lauren is an active member on the City Advisory Boards for Oakland and San Francisco for SPUR, an urban planning policy organization, and on the Policy Committee for Jewish Vocational Services (JVS), a workforce development nonprofit in the Bay Area. Lauren is also a member of the Victory Campaign Board, the candidate endorsement arm of the LGBTQ Victory Fund. Lauren is a graduate of UC Berkeley and has a master's of public policy from Georgetown University. She lives in Oakland with her spouse, their two small kids, and a big dog.


Ben Gould 
Ben spent the past 10 years as an organizer in Berkeley politics, including authoring and organizing the winning campaign for Berkeley’s 2024 Measure FF to fund smoother, safer streets; and organizing the winning campaign for Mark Humbert’s first election to City Council in 2022. He is a board member for Make Oakland Better Now! and the Jewish Democratic Coalition of the Bay Area, as well as a steering committee member for Jewish Coalition of Berkeley and Berkeley Neighbors for Housing and Climate Action. Ben works as a climate policy consultant for local governments and holds master’s degrees in public policy and environmental engineering from UC Berkeley.


Genice Jacobs
For over 15 years, Genice has worked to raise awareness and address human trafficking in Alameda County and across California. She led campaigns focused on prevention, supported policy efforts like Prop 35 (Human Trafficking Initiative) and SB1165—which made California the first state to require sexual abuse and trafficking prevention education in public schools—and collaborated with youth leaders on homelessness to expand support for survivors. Genice founded Abolitionist Mom and OnPurpose Creative to launch advocacy campaigns, and initiated the establishment of Oakland’s Commercially Sexually Exploited Children Task Force. As Associate Producer for California’s Forgotten Children, Genice helped amplify survivor voices and shift public understanding of trafficking.


Arielle Fleisher
Arielle is a policy strategist in public health, urban planning, and design thinking, dedicated to improving government practices through innovative approaches and collaborative problem solving. As the former Transportation Policy Director at SPUR and a former planning analyst at SFMTA, Arielle has worked extensively to enhance and better integrate the Bay Area's transportation system. Currently, Arielle serves as Co-Chair of the Bay Area Council’s Transportation Committee and as a columnist for Splash Pad News, the newsletter for the Grand/Lake neighborhood. She also founded the Pandemic Moms Club, now a vital network for advice and resources for 200+ local moms. Arielle holds dual master's degrees in Urban Planning and Public Health from the University of Michigan. Based in Oakland, she can often be found biking around with her husband and two small kids.


Regina Chagolla
Regina Chagolla is dedicated to advocating for public education for all students and working rights for education professionals. Regina has 17 years of teaching experience, including seven years as an afterschool science release teacher in Oakland public schools with a focus on environmental justice issues. Currently, she works at Berkeley Unified and serves as the VP of Berkeley Federation of Teachers AFT Local 1078, AFL-CIO. An Emeryville resident, Regina is Vice President of the Emery Unified School Board, and is also the Northern California VP of California Federation of Teachers ECE/TK-12 Division Council and an Alameda Labor Council Delegate. Regina fights for both funding for education at the federal level and housing at the state level on behalf of California students, families, and education professionals. She earned her BA from UC Berkeley and MS from University of Wisconsin.


Sam Davis
Sam is a former teacher and parent activist elected to the Oakland School Board from 2021 to 2025, serving as President for 2024. During that time, he led the campaign to renew the College and Career for All initiative in the Oakland high schools, which passed as Measure H in 2022 with an 81% yes vote. He also successfully advocated for fiscal sustainability, implementation of Oakland Youth Vote, and equitable use of OUSD facilities funds to renovate four schools in the flatlands to whom promises had been broken by previous administrations. Sam holds a BA from UC Berkeley and an MS from Cal State East Bay, both in Math.


Sam Gould
Sam is a video game developer working for Obsidian Entertainment and a highly engaged housing and safe streets advocate residing in the city of Emeryville. Sam served on Emeryville's Bicycle and Pedestrian Advisory Committee, where he fought for safe and accessible transportation for those of all ages and abilities, with a focus on multimodal projects supporting transit, walking, and biking in Emeryville. As a candidate for Emeryville City Council, Sam received widespread support from current and former members of the Emeryville City Council, the Alameda County Firefighters, labor groups including the Alameda Labor Council, and pro housing groups like East Bay for Everyone and East Bay YIMBY. 


Nate Hanson 
Nate is an affordable housing developer and public policy professional dedicated to addressing California’s housing crisis. He works at Related California’s Northern California affordable development team,  one of the largest developers of affordable and mixed income housing in the state, and is spearheading efforts to build a 6-phase, 600-unit affordable housing project at Jack London Square. Prior to joining Related, Nate worked at Urban Land Institute San Francisco as well as in city government and politics in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where he worked for two City Council Members. He currently sits on the ULI San Francisco Public Private Partnerships Local Product Council and on the Bay Area Council's Housing Committee. 


Nate has a Masters in Public Management from Carnegie Mellon University and a B. Phil in Urban Policy and Administration from the University of Pittsburgh. He is the proud parent of an OUSD elementary school student and lives with his wife and son in Oakland’s Harrington/Jefferson neighborhood. 


Shawn Danino
Shawn is a dedicated public servant, a dues-paying union member, and a housing expert with a proven track record of passing laws supporting working families. As a disabled person who has personally struggled with housing costs in the Bay, they have dedicated their career to making our cities healthy and affordable. Shawn worked at the State Housing Department and collaborated with Oakland City staff to approve an 8-year housing plan, while spearheading a $100 million fund to build affordable backyard homes. Currently, they work as a policy manager for the City of San Jose and volunteer on the board of TransForm, a local transit advocacy nonprofit. Shawn holds master’s degrees in public policy and information from the University of Michigan.


Bobbi Lopez
Bobbi is a passionate advocate for immigrants, tenants, youth, LGBTQ+ individuals, and working families. An LGBTQ immigrant herself, Bobbi served four years as an elected member of the Alameda County Democratic Central Committee (ACDCC), where she served on the governing board and appointed to the California Democratic Party’s legislative committee. Over the past 20 years, Bobbi has worked in immigrant rights, tenant advocacy, youth rights, public safety, and labor organizing. She founded La Voz Latina and the SF Safe Passage Program to help Latino and immigrant families in the Tenderloin create safer homes, streets, and parks. As a business representative for SEIU 1021, Bobbi represented non-sworn employees in East Bay police departments. Professionally, Bobbi works on victim services and policy for the San Francisco Mayor’s Office for Victim Rights, and previously worked on the Mayor’s public safety team, as a policy and legislative director for Oakland Vice Mayor Rebecca Kaplan, San Francisco Supervisor Jane Kim, and San Francisco Mayor London Breed. She currently lives in North Oakland with her wife, two children, and her dog, Caramelo.


Ashlee Jemmott
Ashlee is a grassroots community organizer and nonprofit leader, with over 11 years of experience dedicated to youth development, social justice, and creating positive behavioral health strategies, as well as public affairs offering crucial resources, assistance, and guidance to young individuals navigating multiple systems. Currently, she works as the Deputy Policy Analyst for Oakland City Councilmember Zac Unger, working with the Adams Point, Temescal, Bushrod, and Mosswood neighborhoods. Ashlee is a proud member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, and has the honor of serving on the Alameda County Mental Health Advisory Board and the Budgetary Stakeholders Advisory Committee. She holds an MBA from Mills College.


Zac Bowling
Zac is a lifelong Democrat, progressive, union organizer, and grassroots activist focused on affordable housing, equity, and sustainable communities. He co-founded East Bay YIMBY and was a founding member of the Alphabet Workers Union, with over a decade advocating for renters, housing affordability, and ending homelessness. He is a digital organizer, with a growing audience of 140,000 subscribers on TikTok and YouTube, where he focuses on housing and urbanism issues. Locally, Zac serves on the City of Alameda’s Open Government Commission, ensuring transparency and accountability in local government, and on the Sierra Club SF Bay Chapter’s NAC Housing Committee, advocating for environmentally sustainable housing solutions. For the past four years, Zac has represented AD 18 as an elected delegate, working to make affordable housing a top priority for California Democrats.
 
Cathy D. Adams 
Cathy D. Adams has been a part of the tapestry of the Oakland business community since January 1983. An effective communicator and a natural influencer in the Oakland Bay Area.  She is the founding president of the National Coalition of 100 Black Women, Inc., Oakland Bay Area Chapter.  She is the current President and CEO of the Oakland African American Chamber of Commerce.
 
Adams created the OAACC Resiliency Relief Program that COVID-19 prompted.  She was committed to the solvency and survival of local African American businesses, raising over 1.1 Million Dollars.  It is because of this effort; that 250 African American owned businesses receive a grant. In 2020 because of the many successes of OAACC, they were voted Chamber of the Year by the U.S. Black Chamber of Commerce.
 
Adams has had involvement with local developers in Oakland in doing the marketing and outreach efforts for affordable housing projects.  Companies like Nibbi/Baines Group have built major housing projects in the Bay Area. In addition Adams has hosted and coordinated several  housing workshops and forums geared toward affordable housing and resources for the disenfranchised
 
Community is the common link in all of Cathy’s activities.  Her community is at the forefront of all that she has done over the years and all that she continues to do. Which goes along with what her mother told her when she was a little girl, “As you are moving up, take someone with you”.